then let's read it we were looking for the
things that we need if it gets worse
a conveyor belt reason
of 30 cubic feet per minute then
there is the first thing that we have to
notice that they are giving us this reason
30 cubic feet per minute that already
says that that's a differential but a
volume change tell me that the
volume changes
with respect to you at a rate of 30 and it's
cubic x
then change volume the way that
has the mound that is going to be formed
when they are not bouncing gravel that is the
cone shape is what we have here
now they say the dimensions of their
fragments allow to form a stack of
cone shaped whose diameter and height
they are the same since the distance is
is here is equal to the distance of
the diameter of these two distances are
same
how fast the height increases
of the pile when it is measured 10 feet
high since they tell us
if this is the height for itself
you want to know how the height changes with
regarding the time of the question and what
they want to know when
when h
10 feet tall and what we need is
the volume of a call is the volume of
a cone is
one third
standing
for the square real x
then we already have that they do not relate
we variables like this
and what are the changes that ask me
something that we have to notice is that we
are saying that the diameter has to
be equal to the high so they tell us
the diameter
it's the same oh that means that two
times
r is equal to 2
then from there we clear r we are left
that you are equal to ah means
to replace it in the formulite of this
of volume then we would have to
the volume is equal to one third of pi
for r squared but you're h means
then we write h squared over
4 hours
that would be
12 and or
from vic by h the cube is fine and now
if we can come
find the exchange rate that would be
we derive with respect to and we are left
the volume change with respect to
time equals
3 out of 12 that's a quarter
for now h squared by the derivative
of h with respect d
tic
and now we have to
to replace what we know that
we know we know that this is 30
yes
equal to a quarter
for you for h squared how much is worth hh
1010 squared
I feel for dh dt
then 100/4 are 25 which had
30 match 25 7 h
dt equals 30 match 25 and what
we can simplify
about 5 pib which is approximately
how much
0 points
0.38 and the dimensions
good about
minutes are less
10 minutes
it is clear
6 of the exercise